update mgmt image list for Airgap scenarios (#562)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-features.adoc

* Set the isolated CPUs latency to the lowest possible value.
* Delay the vmstat updates to 300 seconds.

> The script is available at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/suse-edge/atip/refs/heads/release-{version-edge-registry}/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/eib/custom/files/performance-settings.sh[SUSE Edge for Telco Examples repository].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script is available at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/suse-edge/atip/refs/heads/{release-tag-atip}/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/eib/custom/files/performance-settings.sh[SUSE Edge for Telco Examples repository].
```
